What are you talking about, you immortal?
This is my Mayfair's jade pie
Is the old thing poor and afraid?
Talk about yourself when you see something good
That's right, I recruited Xiao Yueyue, the group manager
How is it possible to afford such a good jade pie?
grandma
Why are you here?
Grandma let's go home
Xiaoyue
This is your jade pendant.
So you stole my jade pendant
Why give it back to me?
It's okay for Yu'er to steal my things
Now even the jade pendant my mother gave me
Do you want to grab it too?
Your mother shouldn't have given birth to you in the first place
You are just rubbish
It's a scourge.
Don't fight, don't fight
Our Xiaoyue is already pitiful enough.
Abandoned 18 years ago
Give me this back
Old women depend on each other
Stop bullying her.
Please don't bully her. What?